c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll.config
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
c:\users\student\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
H:\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll.config
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
H:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\MySql.Data.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
D:\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
D:\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\medipli\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll.config
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Music\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll.config
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\sotig\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll.config
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\CheapestSheep\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll.config
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\kostas\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll.config
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\sotig\Documents\GitHub\medipli\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
F:\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll.config
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\WebApp.pdb
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.dll
C:\Users\Exterminus\Desktop\server\WebApp\WebApp\obj\Debug\WebApp.pdb
